THAT'S THE FOCUS OF TONIGHT'S
ANGLE.
OH, THINGS ARE COOKING IN
AMERICA'S SOCIALIST KITCHEN.
THE DEMOCRAT PRIMARY SEASON IS
ALMOST A YEAR AWAY, BE BERNIE
SANDERS IS ALREADY SLATED TO NAB
THE COVERTED ENDORSEMENT OF THE
DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST OF AMERICA.
AND YESTERDAY, OCASIO-CORTEZ RID
AND YESTERDAY, OCASIO-CORTEZ R D
READ HER PARTY THE RIOT ACT.
SHE TOLD THEM TO EITHER HOP
ABOARD THE SOCIALIST TRAIN OR
GET SQUISHED ON THE TRACKS.
>> SHE DID STAND UP AND ARGUED
TO THOSE MODERATES, LOOK YOU
CAN'T DO THIS, AND THERE WILL
ESSENTIALLY BE SOME SORT OF
TRACK KEEPING.
>> WHILE OTHERS HAVE LAUGHED AT
AOC AND HER SISTER IN SOCIALISM,
I THINK THEY'RE THE LEGITIMATE
THOUGHT LEADERS OF THE DEMOCRAT
PARTY.
PELOSI HAS BEEN IN CONGRESS FOR
31 YEARS AND HAS 2.3 MILLION
TWITTER FOLLOWERS.
OCASIO-CORTEZ HAS BEEN IN
CONGRESS FOR TWO MONTHS AND HAS
3.3 MILLION FOLLOWERS.
THE NEW SOCIALISTS MAY BE
INEXPERIENCED, BUT THEY'RE BOLD,
ENERGETIC AND DETERMINED TO
SHAKE UP THEIR ESTABLISHMENT.
NOW, I TAKE THEM AT THEIR WORD.
THEY WANT A COMPLETE
TRANSFORMATION OF AMERICAN
SOCIETY THAT WILL REQUIRE
MASSIVE WEALTH CONFISCATION,
GOVERNMENT TAKEOVER OF CERTAIN
INDUSTRIES AND AN OVERTHROW OF
THE FREE MARKET.
IT IS BIZARRE THAT THIS IS THE
DEMOCRAT'S ANSWER.
TRUMP IS PRESIDING OVER THE
STRONGEST ECONOMY IN THE WORLD.
AND THE TIMING OF THE SOCIALIST
EMBRACE IS EVEN MORE BIZARRE,
GIVEN THE FACT THAT THE SAME
PHILOSOPHY IS IN DEATH THROES
AROUND THE WORLD.
EUROPE'S ONCE DOMINANT SOCIALIST
PARTIES ARE ON LIFE SUPPORT.
REMEMBER IN 2017 WE SAW A
DEVASTATING NEAR WIPEOUT OF THE
SOCIALIST PARTY IN FRANCE.
WE SAW CRUSHING DEFEATS OF THE
SOCIAL DEMOCRATS IN GERMANY AND
THE LABOR PARTY IN THE
NETHERLANDS.
IN ITALY, THEY IMPLODED AND
OPENED THE DOOR TO TWO POPULIST
PARTIES.
IN SWEDEN, THE REFUGEE ISSUE
DOMINATES POLITICS AND LOST
SUPPORT LEADING TO A HOD --
HODGEPODGE THERE.
IN BRAZIL, THE WORKERS PARTY
LOST THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION
TO A RIGHT-WING POPULIST.
IN VENEZUELA, WELL, OF COURSE,
THAT'S A COMPLETE DISASTER ON
THE VERGE OF COLLAPSE.
PRESUMABLY, AOC AND SANDERS ARE
AWARE OF THESE DEVELOPMENTS.
IS THEIR ARGUMENT GOING TO BE,
DON'T WORRY, TRUST US, BECAUSE
ALL OF THOSE COUNTRIES GOT
SOCIALISM WRONG, BUT WE'LL GET
SOCIALISM RIGHT?
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS A PHENOMENAL
OPPORTUNITY TO CONTINUE THE
CONVERSATION HE STARTED ABOUT
SOCIALISM AT THE STATE OF THE
UNION.
AND AS LARRY KUDLOW SAID AT CPAC
YESTERDAY...
>> JOIN US TO PUT SOCIALISM ON
TRIAL AND THEN CONVICT IT.
>> AND BE THE WAY, LARRY WILL BE
WITH US LATER IN THE HOUR.
YOU DO NOT WANT TO MISS THIS
APPEARANCE.
BE CONSERVATIVES, REPUBLICANS,
AND PRESIDENT TRUMP, THEY'RE NOT
GOING TO PANIC ABOUT IT.
THIS IS A MOMENT.
WE SHOULD RELISH THIS MOMENT.
THEY SHOULD SPEND THE TIME TO
LISTEN TO AND SPEAK WITH YOUNG
PEOPLE, LATINOS,
AFRICAN-AMERICANS WHOM THE LEFT
IS TARGETING, BECAUSE UNDER
SOCIALIST POLICIES, THEY'LL BE